tning...
I want you to meet my family.
No. No, no, sorry.
[stutters] I can't make it.
I haven't even said when.
Grace?
[Gambi] Technically,
Grace Choi doesn't exist.
It's a completely
false identity.
There's a lot this woman
didn't tell you about herself.
Are you sure
you wanna find her?
There's a lot
that I kept from her,
too, Gambi.
Boss, this tech is ancient.
I mean, literally nuts
and bolts.
Todd's already cracked
the briefcase,
and he doesn't know
how to work
the Leavenworth pods.
So, Todd got a new car.
Lala!
I took your life in order
to make my purpose
your purpose.
-I spent a cool mil
on a reanimation program.
-[gasps]
Eventually everyone
you killed is gonna come back
to haunt your black ass.
[snivels]
Tattooing themselves on
your body until there's
no skin left. [chuckles]
["Slippin' Into Darkness"
playing]
[door knob rattling]
Latavious?
Why you keep calling me that?
You know I don't go
by that no more.
That's like calling
Muhammad Ali, Cassius Clay.
It's disrespectful.
Uh... I, uh,
I didn't mean disrespect.
It's just...
You caught me
off guard.
I thought you were dead.
I was dead. Twice.
I knew I'd find you here,
working late
after everyone else is gone,
'cause that's how you do.
I didn't expect that
you'd be grading papers.
Thought you was the principal.
I was.
[Jefferson sighs]
Ain't nobody checking
for the cameras, Mr. Pierce.
[Jefferson]
They record everything.
Good.
[scoffs]
Why are you here?
That's a good question.
I came to see you.
"Those who can't remember
their past are condemned
to repeat it."
You know, most people
think that's
Winston Churchill.
It's George Santayana.
"What's past is prologue."
Shakespeare.
A tribute to Shakespeare.
I ain't forgot
what you taught me,
Mr. Pierce.
It's just
the streets taught me, too.
[cries out]
I'm having a hard time
reconciling my past.
When I die, I come back,
and what I've done
comes back on me.
[breathing heavily]
And this time,
I heard a voice that said...
I have unfinished business.
Which brought you to me.
You gonna kill me?
I need answers.
I need answers to my past.
Why am I here?
And that voice...
That voice said
it's about you and Earl.
Earl was like
a brother to me.
And that voice sent me to you.
[groaning]
[breathing heavily]
So you must've killed him.
And you're gonna tell me why.
¶ Last night
I saw a superhero
He was black ¶
¶ He said
"This is for the street
Black Lightning's back" ¶
Okay, lower.
Like this?
Mmm-mmm. Lower.
-Lower.
-Hey, hey, hey.
Come on.
It's not a swimsuit.
Okay, thank you, Mom.
I know it's not a swimsuit.
-Because if it was,
it'd be a teeny bikini.
-[both chuckling]
All right, let me show you
something here.
Yeah. Could you,
uh... make it
a little bit more like this?
You know what I'm saying?
Jen, you're not supposed
to look like a pop star.
The suit is designed
to protect you.
Okay, first off,
a ''pop star"?' Really?
And second, that's dope.
-[Lynn] Dope?
-No.
I hope we're
not talking about the suit,
because when it comes that,
I care less about
you looking "dope,''
-and more about
it keeping you safe.
-[Jennifer clears throat]
Exactly.
Okay, of course
I wanna be safe.
But shouldn't have
to sacrifice style
over practicality.
See, this is what
I'm talking about. I love
this fabric. This is nice.
It oughta be.
It cost a fortune.
Excuse me, am I the only one
taking this suit business
seriously?
Of course not, Lynn.
You know I take it seriously.
And I'm a lot better
at this than I used to be.
Here.
-Remember this?
-[Lynn] Oh! [laughing]
Oh! [laughing]
What is that?
This is your dad's first suit.
He wore that in public?
Ask him about the time
he was outnumbered 20-to 1.
This suit kept him alive.
Okay. Well, if the suit's
so great, why is it
not his suit now?
Well, that's because
George Clinton, he called,
he asked for it back.
[laughing]
That's really funny.
Ha-ha-ha!
Look, the truth is,
that we discovered
that the suit
was actually harming him.
While it was keeping him safe
from the outside,
it was hurting him
from the inside.
Which is exactly why we need
to be less focused on you
looking cute
and more focused
on you being safe.
Okay. Okay. I get it.
Why do you think
I killed Earl?
[Lala] When Earl was around,
things was good.
We ain't have a lot,
but we were happy.
But we got in trouble
here and there, but it was
just kid stuff.
But after Earl got murdered--
Do you really think killing
another person
will make you feel better?
If it's the right person.
[scoffs] Hell, yeah.
That's why you should kill him
right here, right now.
The same way you murked
me and Lawanda.
No question, no hesitation.
-Man, that's stupid.
Don't listen to this fool.
-Hey, who you calling stupid?
The voice said find answers.
-So let's find them.
-He killed Earl.
What more do y'all need
to know?
Sitting up in here talking
when y'all should be shooting.
-Don't do this.
-Who're you talking to?
What?
Who are you speaking with?
Oh, you think I'm crazy,
don't you?
I think you've done
some terrible things,
and that's why
you're suffering.
[Will imitates gunshots]
[Lawanda] Shut up!
[Will] Get your hands off me!
Just shut up a minute!
Just shut up!
One to the chest,
one to the head. That way,
you know they dead.
[Will and Lawanda
arguing indistinctly]
Look, I can see you suffering.
Let me help you.
[Will and Lawanda
continue arguing]
What?
I can find someone
who can help you with whatever
you're dealing with.
I don't need no damn help.
You're damn right you don't!
So pop him off right now!
Shut up!
[grunts] Shut up!
Before I kill every
damn body in here again!
[breathing heavily]
The only thing
I need you to do...
[sniffles]
is tell me what I wanna know,
or you gonna die.
Mom and Uncle Gambi
are driving me crazy.
Hello?
What're you looking at?
What?
Seriously?
Grace, again?
Just go after her.
I've been trying.
Well, try harder!
Do you know how lucky you are?
What lucky? Huh?
That someone I thought I had
something real with
just disappeared on me?
[sighs] No, lucky there's hope
you could still have
something real.
My hope died with Khalil.
-Damn it. Don't say that--
-Look, stop. Stop.
That's how it is.
That's how it is for me.
Just go find Grace.
[sighs]
Can you call me back, please,
so we can talk about
that fast little daughter
of yours?
Seriously, Jeff, I don't think
she's ready for all this.
She's acting like she's
picking out a prom dress,
not a lifesaving suit.
Please. Can you just
call me back, or at least
reply to my texts?
I don't wanna worry
about you, too.
I know you say
I worry too much.
And you're probably fine,
but please,
just can you call me back,
so I know you're okay?
[beeping]
[male ASA technician]
Wendy Hernandez,
wind velocity test, phase one.
Nice and easy, okay?
I don't want you
overdoing it.
If things get too intense,
we can always
dial it back, okay?
Dr. Stewart,
can I have a word?
Yes.
[clicks tongue]
She's not your kid.
She doesn't need
to be coddled.
I'm not coddling her.
I'm treating her like
a human being,
which is something
you've clearly forgotten
how to do.
See,
some people have dogs
that they treat like
members of their family.
They dress them up
in silly costumes
and insist that the rest of us
treat them like relevant
members of the society.
But they're not.
They can, however,
be useful tools.
Dogs can sniff out drugs
and landmines,
but their relevance
is solely dependent
on their ability
to be of service.
Why are you
telling me this?
Because I'm not here to waste
my sentiments on Wendy.
Waste?
She can't sniff out landmines,
-but she can do other things
for her government...
-[sighs]
...and her country, to keep
its citizens safe.
That's why she's here.
[inhales sharply]
She's here to get stronger,
healthier.
She's here to realize
her full potential
for the benefit of all of us.
Wendy could prove
to be more revolutionary
than the tank
or the machine gun.
But we absolutely
have no time to waste.
Do you understand
what I am saying?
That you don't like dogs?
You, uh...
have a very sharp wit,
Dr. Stewart.
She's my patient,
Agent Odell.
They all are, no matter
who they are, or what
they are, they're my patients.
-And I refuse to check
my humanity at the door!
-[door slams]
You're doing great!
Still haven't heard back
from Jefferson.
But I left him a couple
of messages.
What did you find?
I ran the partial image
from the security footage
at the Rebecca Lee
Crumpler Clinic
that you sent me.
And?
There wasn't enough for me
to come up with the name
of the person in the image,
but there was however enough
for me to come up
with 50 names.
Luckily, only three
of those names
are here in Freeland.
And one has been seen
with known associates
of Tobias Whale.
Bingo.
[voices
whispering indistinctly]
[grunts]
Shh!
[grunting]
-[voices continue whispering]
-[breathing heavily]
[Jefferson] Hey! Hey, hey!
You still with me?
[grunts]
[Jefferson] Look,
maybe this will help.
Earl was a great student,
he won science fairs, tutored.
You know, he won
the talent show once,
could sing like an angel.
After all these years,
not a day that goes by
that I don't think about him.
I thought you and Earl
were gonna be--
Gonna be what?
Successful.
It's still blank.
You know more than
what you saying.
You stalling.
That's 'cause
his ass is lying.
Look at him,
he's all twitchy and jumpy.
-Lala just shot him.
How's he supposed to act?
-[Lala shushes]
-How did he die?
-I don't know.
Damn it, don't play me.
I will shoot you straight
in the face.
All I know is
how he was found.
The police, they got nowhere,
dismissed it
as a gang killing
and moved on.
Students,
if they knew anything,
they didn't say anything.
I remember that.
The Hundred
wasn't what it is now.
They were on the come up.
You think they did it?
-Yeah, I think they did.
-Why?
[sighs]
Earl was being hassled
by the One Hundred.
Came to me for advice.
And what'd you say?
I told him
to go to the cops.
I thought he'd be okay.
Why would you think that?
You know how things
go down here.
You know what it is.
Look, I thought
Black Lightning
would change things.
Well, he didn't,
and neither did you.
All y'all did
was get Earl killed.
[softly] Yeah,
you probably right.
That's all I needed to hear.
[grunts]
[Jefferson grunting]
-[stabs]
-[screams]
[Lawanda grunts]
I got her.
Finish his ass off.
You ain't got nobody.
[Will grunts]
[both grunting]
[Lala] Hey.
Come on, man. Hey, hey!
Y'all need to quit, man.
[Will grunts]
[grunts]
Can we both get out
of this classroom alive
without causing each other
more pain?
Oh, you trying
to save your life?
No. I'm trying to save yours.
I already told you...
I can't die.
Oh, you gonna need more than
that gun to save your ass.
[grunts]
It's not about saving my ass.
-You came here for answers,
right? Hmm?
-Mmm-hmm.
There's a void in your memory,
but somehow you,
you know that history
is at the root
of what's troubling you.
Now, I had old yearbooks
scanned into digital archives.
Maybe this will help
with your memory.
[shudders]
[sniveling]
-Deputy Chief.
-You're just in time.
I got a statement
from an informant
that Todd Green
partied with Tobias Whale
at Club One Hundred.
I'm gonna pick him up.
You're my backup.
Sir, we just got ID on a body
in a car that blew up.
It's Todd Green.
Yes, sir.
You can take that to Evidence.
[sighs]
[beeping]
Oh, Rodney.
Um, this is not working
right now.
I can have security check it.
But could you just buzz me in?
I'm afraid not,
Dr. Stewart.
What do you mean?
I'm not permitted to allow you
into the secure space
with the subject.
What? What're you
talking about?
Rodney,
I asked you a question!
[Wendy screaming]
You let me in right now!
She's powering up too fast!
She's gonna have an aneurysm.
Can't you all see that?
Stop it!
You stop it right now!
Get your hands off me!
No, you let me go!
What're you doing?
Her foster parents have been
dead a long time,
but Grace did have
a foster brother,
a year younger.
This was his last address
of record.
[sighs]
[hurried footsteps retreating]
Hello? I can hear
someone in here.
Well, at least I could.
[sighs]
Listen, I'm not the police
or anything.
I'm just looking
for some info on Grace.
She's not in any trouble,
I hope not.
I just wanna make sure
that she's okay
and if you can help--
Hi. Hi.
I'm Anissa Pierce.
I'm a friend of Grace.
Grace Choi.
Like I said, I... really
not here for any trouble.
I just wanna make sure
that she's okay.
Trouble will find you
if you do not leave
this place.
Excuse me?
Whoa! Is everything
all right in here?
Leave while you can.
[knocking on door]
Grace? Grace. Are you in here?
-Grace!
-[banging on door]
Grace.
Grace, are you in there?
Grace?
Grace!
Who is that?
Earl.
[inhales deeply]
It's Earl.
-Can you see him now?
-Mmm-hmm.
Can you remember
where he lived?
Right next door.
Was Earl involved in anything?
Anything sketchy?
Not really.
I mean, he sold some drugs
for The Hundred,
like the rest of us poor kids.
But he wasn't built for it.
So he decided to get out
of the game. I'd even got--
Wait, you got him what?
-I mean, I was slanging, too.
[sniffles]
-Okay.
I mean, looking to move up,
make more money.
He was supposed to be
helping me out.
And?
He wasn't with it.
So I looked out for him,
got him a free pass.
Wait. If Earl had a free pass,
then why'd they go after him?
You know why.
[sighs]
I told Earl to tell the police
about the One Hundred's
business.
And Tobias had some guys
on the force,
and when he found out
about it, he put a hit
out on Earl.
Did you warn him?
Nah, it was a wrap.
Wasn't no stopping it.
If Tobias want you got,
it was a done deal.
And I wasn't gonna let
anyone kill Earl.
Then what happened?
[breathing heavily]
I killed him myself.
He was caught up.
I mean, he was gonna get got.
Why'd you hang him
in the hoop?
Because I ain't wanna
be poor no more.
I had to show Tobias
that I was serious,
and that I could
send a message.
You need to turn yourself in.
There you go. No.
I'm gonna make Tobias pay.
And after that,
it don't matter.
"The past is always tense,
but the future perfect."
Who said that?
Zadie Smith.
She also said,
"Every moment happens twice:
inside and out,
and there's two
different histories."
I'm sorry, Mr. Pierce.
Thank you for everything.
[door closes]
[voice whispering
indistinctly]
Earl?
[groaning]
[screaming]
[exclaiming in pain]
[takes deep breath]
[cell phone vibrating]
[sighs] Yeah?
We just ID'd the body
of Todd Green.
-[Gambi] Tobias?
-Yeah.
I did make a dent
in that other thing
that we talked about.
Oh, you got something on
the break-in at the clinic?
If I can isolate
the radioactive residue
we found in the basement,
then maybe I can identify
what was taken from the clinic
and possibly track it.
[scoffs] That's more than
my people can do,
I'm all for it.
-I'll let you know
when I find something.
-Great.
Okay.
[panting] Okay,
is it finished yet?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, now look,
I know I'm not as cool
as I used to be--
That's all right.
But I did listen to what
you had to say,
-and I tried to reflect
your ideas. So I hope--
-Okay.
That's it?
[sighs] You don't like it.
[pants]
-[screams]
-[both laughing]
-Okay, okay, I'm just gonna
take one selfie--
-No, no, no, no, no.
No [sighs] The only people
I'm gonna show
are my mom, my dad, Anissa.
That's it.
I'm not 100% done with it.
There are some kinks
I have to work out--
No, that's okay.
It looks great.
It's beautiful.
Please, just one photo.
[sighs] I'm not comfortable
with that.
[sighs] Fine, at least
let me try it on.
Jen...
Please?
[sighs]
-[Gambi] How do you feel?
-Great! [chuckles]
I will feel even better
if you let me
take a photo, though.
Jen, it's just the foundation
for the suit.
It's not even
how it's gonna really look.
I just need you to focus.
I am focused.
Okay.
Just move around a little.
Oh. Okay. Okay.
[chuckles] Nice moves.
See, I told you
you could be a pop star.
[chuckles] Yeah.
Oh, Uncle Gambi,
check out my moonwalk.
Look. I don't think
you've seen this. Hey,
[chuckles]
check me out.
-[alarm beeping]
-Oh, my God.
-Uncle Gambi! Uncle Gambi,
open it. Let me out!
-Jen!
-Let me out!
-No, it's okay.
It's all right.
Uncle Gambi, let me out!
Let me out! Let me out!
It's all right. It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay, Jen.
It wasn't done.
I shouldn't have
let this happen.
No, it's fine.
It's my fault.
I shouldn't have been
pushing it like that.
I'm sorry.
The suit wasn't done.
I'm sorry, kid.
[pants] Come on.
Hello?
Hello. Grace, are you inside?
Are you okay? Grace?
Ah. Damn!
[flies buzzing]
Oh...
[buzzing gets louder]
What the hell?
[Grace as old man]
You should not
have come here.
I'm looking for Grace.
Grace Choi.
[Grace as old man]
Leave, before it's too late.
Too late for what?
[Grace as old man] You.
[both grunting]
[Thunder groans]
[panting] Where's Grace Choi?
[Thunder exclaims]
What the hell?
[Lynn sighs]
-The man is clearly
a sociopath.
-[Jennifer] Mmm-hmm.
He watched
that kid almost die,
and he didn't even
break a sweat.
Then he compared her
to an animal.
[Jennifer] An animal?
A dog. It was strange.
Actually, he compared her
to a machine gun.
He compared Wendy to a weapon.
So, basically I'm being paid
to weaponize these kids
for war. [sighs]
[Jennifer] You have
the worst boss ever.
Yeah, well,
I'm not gonna do it.
I might not have been able
to save the others,
but I'll be damned
if I'm going to be used
[takes deep breath]
to turn Wendy into a weapon
of mass destruction.
[Jennifer] Okay.
[sighs]
You know what?
I'm sorry. This...
This is a one-sided
conversation. [sighs]
How was your day?
[clicks tongue]
Or should I say,
how was the suit?
Uh, good.
Good? That's, that's it?
That's all you got?
I thought you'd be
more excited.
wearing it right now.
I am excited. It's just...
I listened to what
you guys said,
and the most important thing
is that it's safe.
-Well, I don't know
what's gotten into you...
-[door opens]
...but I like it.
[door closes]
Hey, there you are.
I've been trying
to reach you all day.
What did we say about staying
in touch? Checking in?
-[chuckling]
-I know. I know. I'm sorry.
Um, I had a day.
Yeah, Dad, we're supposed
to check in so that we don't
make Mom worry, remember?
-[Lynn scoffs]
-Thank you, Jennifer.
You're welcome, Daddy.
Oh, my God, I have had a day.
Y'all would never guess
what happened.
-[Lynn chuckles]
-Did you finally find Grace?
Not exactly.
What happened?
Well, I searched for her
but didn't find her.
That's your crazy story?
Found something else.
Well, what'd you find,
sweetie?
I don't know. But I was
just wondering,
how do you know if someone
is more trouble
than they're worth?
The baggage, the drama,
if it's just way too much
for you to take on?
Well, Mom should be able
to answer that question.
Jennifer!
I'm just saying
it couldn't have been easy.
You're so normal,
and Dad is...
Dad is what?
Like us.
Y'all know what I mean.
Look, that's why
I loved Khalil. Okay?
He loved me,
weirdness and all.
And I think we all
deserve love like that.
Don't we?
Yeah.
I guess we do.
[softly] Come here.
What was that for?
Mmm. Just because you
a good sister. That's why.
[Jefferson sighs]
[Lynn] So, how was your day?
Come on, tell me.
-Today was hard.
-What happened?
Um... [clears throat]
A former student of mine
was angry and...
You know what?
Doesn't matter.
Does not matter. What matters
is I am here now,
[through speakers]
with the people I love,
the people who love me,
-despite my "weirdness."
-[all laughing]
[Anissa] Well, you know, Dad,
no offense, but your stories,
they can be a little long.
[all laughing]
-Yep.
-[Jefferson] Cheers.
-Cheers.
-[Jennifer] My glass
is empty but cheers. [laughs]
-[Anissa] Cheers.
-The pizza smells great,
so let's eat.
-Mmm. Thank God.
-Thank God.
[Jennifer chuckles] Yeah.
Wow!
[grunting]
[coughs, retching]
[breathing heavily]
Why won't you let me die?
Because you still have
work to do yet.
The pain.
If you wanna stop the pain,
it is tied to Jefferson
or one called the Earl.
[breathing heavily]
Earl is dead.
I can't remember anything else
about him.
Your past will give birth
to you, time and time again,
until you untie the knot
of your pain.
And then can I die?
[chuckles softly]
What the hell
are you smiling about?
After knowledge
comes redemption.
And then?
And then you shall know peace.
Peace? The hell
are you talking about?
How do I get redemption?
You will know after you
untie the knot
your pain has tied.
[chuckles]
[groaning]
[echoed groaning]
I was a straight-A student
before I met Tobias.
[scoffs]
That was a long time ago.
My entire life
could've been different.
Your life? If it wasn't
for you, I'd still be alive.
Me too. [scoffs]
There's no way
you'll be able to kill Tobias.
You already tried to kill him
and failed, several times.
How many times
has Tobias killed you?
-Twice.
-[laughs]
If you're gonna do this,
you gotta be smart this time.
You gotta be ruthless.
You gotta be a savage.
[mocking]
Why do you think this time
is gonna be different
than any other time
he's tried to murk him?
Because it has to be,
because I understand
everything that Tobias took
away from me and Freeland,
and I'm doing this
to save Freeland.
That's gotta be my redemption.
One way or another,
I'm gonna kill Tobias.
Are the individuals
in this room the only ones
that know the, uh,
truth about the Pierces?
[female ASA technician]
Yes, sir. It couldn't be
more classified.
The feed from this satellite
doesn't exist
and neither does
the satellite
and its unique capabilities.
[Agent Odell]
Good. Good. Good.
Let's keep it that way.
[female ASA technician]
Yes, sir.